---
author: qotob
comments: true
date: 2015-06-01 09:49:43+00:00
layout: post
link: http://mohamadalkotob.com/?p=223
published: false
slug: 5-1-leaving
title: 5.1 Leaving
wordpress_id: 223
categories:
- Play Places
---

_"The Chosen One is as helpful as bird crap on my robe." -- Loog the Star Gazer._

At the edge of the village, Shuk stood with the traveling group. Councilmen distributed supply bags for the journey. _So much wasted supplies, _thought Shuk. _And I'll be wasting along with them, contributing to this stupidity like a compliant sheep._

He grabbed a straw bag with his webbed hand and lifted it over his shoulder. It slapped against his scaly scutes. Onlookers gathered to watch. They circled all around them, and some peeked from doorways.

Siff took a small sac of berries -- back bags tend to get into his pointy back quills. A woman waved at him, holding a bundle in her arms. He walked towards her and kissed her forehead.

"It's just a long march. No big deal," he said.

She nodded, and then the two looked down at the baby she held. The baby waved his short arms in the air, trying to reach his father Siff.

Dibb bear-hugged two of his friends. He took two of the largest-looking bags of dried meat: he was energized after his ursine hibernation. He made a show of slightly jiggling the bag to show how heavy it was. _I hope there'll be some good fightin_, he thought. They're expecting it: several dozen persons are leaving.

Hooves beat at the Farewell Drums. The traveler backs turned to the onlookers. Chests were puffed a bit higher. _I hate these, _thought Shuk. _A drug that lulls people to mindless passion._

Shuk looked at his family in the crowd. His daughter waved her arm up high. His face relaxed and he waved back. Others were standing in the crowd, unsmiling. Their faces were gaunt from hunger.

He imagined his daughter that thin, and he swallowed. He'd made sure they'll have what they need, but what about his daughter's friends, or his wife's family? He couldn't help everyone.

Broft arrived, followed by four large men behind him. They held up a curtained platform. _What are those damned whiskers up to? _thought Shuk. One of the men had a trunk for a nose, as long as his arm. Another had burly arms larger than his legs. Shuk took Broft to the side.

"What are you doing with Phent and Goril? Where's Lanmia?" he said.

Broft nodded towards the platform.

"Instead of spending her day walking, said Broft, "I thought the Silence could make use of this time to reflect on her spirit, in order to come to terms with her new role, and in doing so, practicing it."

"This has not been passed through the council," said Shuk. "Is it her wish?"

"Well it was my suggestions, but I didn't force..."

Shuk opened the curtains. Lanmia was sitting on a chair, clutching its corners for balance.

"Are you fine with this?" he asked.

"I am too light, I think", she said, moving her beaky lips.

She came to the edge and jumped down. She drifted down slowly -- she had hollow bones and short feathers for hair.

Shuk pinched his scaly forehead. _Why does he keep pulling off crazy stunts? _he thought.

"Let her be, _whiskers_," he said. "It's enough she has to come with us on this insane trip."

"The Silence is free to do what pleases her on her pilgrimage, _turtle face_," said Broft.

Lanmia picked up a couple of water gourds. She looked between Shuk and Broft. She interrupted Broft when he started to speak.

"I just want to help a bit," she said.

Shuk raised an eyebrow at Broft.

"Fine," said Broft. "Let her carry the gourds, but not anything more."

Lanmia's face replayed in his head. 'She wanted to help,' he thought. His mind conjured the face of his teacher, and summoned a marketplace memory.

He stood behind Mork as they surveyed the market stalls. Mork's bald green head shone in the sunlight.

Broft's body had been leaner back then, and his orange fur had been more vibrant.

Mork nudged him to look in a direction. His forked tongue dashed about as he spoke.

"Look there. See how that young man is helping carry the lady's bags?" he said. "Or there, where Klobb gives his friends plentiful smiles and discounts? What do you make of that?"

Broft's claws had been sharper, his tail more alert. But most of all, he was insufferable.

"The young man is after her fine rump, that's what he's after," he said. "And making discounts isn't going to end well for the shop either."

Broft grinned at Mork, a bold grin that showed white fangs. "I say they're both doing a damned lousy job at being good," he said.

Mork blinked at Broft. The eyes' slitted pupils demanded more. Then Mork's eyes returned towards the stalls.

"But what are the net losses, when it ends with larger potential?" asked Mork.

They ended their talk there. Broft followed in silence and Mork picked up his groceries. Broft had mulled upon the riddle for years. Now Lanmia's face replayed in his mind, asking to help, and he understood a part of the puzzle.

The Ascendant would gain immense potential through her Journey, and she could become a beacon of enlightenment. Having such potential, she would gain by giving, and would sacrifice without losing.

Broft regained awareness of the current marching. He walked forward with the group. The Drums pounded and receded away as the group walked further out.

The grass tickled his paw pads with each step. Grass was before him, an extending sheet of green. He scratched his chin as he mulled. _The Ascendant might offer divine aid, but if she doesn't, she'll deliver infernal punishment._



* * *



[Go to Next Chapter](https://qotob.wordpress.com/2015/06/01/5-2-leaving-camp/)
