---
author: qotob
comments: true
date: 2015-06-01 08:48:41+00:00
layout: post
link: http://mohamadalkotob.com/?p=157
published: false
slug: 1-1-duty-hours
title: 2.1 Duty Hours
wordpress_id: 157
categories:
- Play Places
---

_"A Duty Hour is not torture to endure between Play Placing." -- The Lazy Guide to Growing Up._

NiteBIL, the Vice Chief Historian, surveyed the paper mess in his office. Soon, they'll be sorted, and he can go to his Play Place. The papers flooded the desk and the floor.

He clicked the "Compact" button on the wall. The mounds shrunk to smaller stacks. He sat on his chair and clicked on a stack. It grew back. _Smaller chunks, _he thought._ They look less intimidating_.

It's been a while since he did any work. It seemed that the more time he spends as Knight.Loar5x, the harder his Duty Hours become.

A floating Eye hovered above him, its unblinking pupil directed at him. He focused on the text in his hands. _Onto work now... the narrative essay of a young individual... early Premorphopodial Period, perhaps? So much history!_



* * *




17 May,** 2109**




**My First Picnic**


Yesterday I went on a picnic with my father and my mother and my little sister. Momie prepared food. Daddie put fuel in the car. I put toys in my bag. My little sister made noises.

When the car charged enough momie put the food in the molecular preservation box. We waited in the car for the elevator to get us to the street. My friend xOmar_Sp76 told me about car picnics before so I knew there would be lots of cars. They were all shiny because of the sun light from the thick sky.

Daddie turned off the auto-drive and he tried to use the wheel. He said grandpa used the wheel well and that grandpa went on car picnics every day before going to work because he didn't have virtual work. Mommie said there were no virtual play places before and that play places were not played by everyone.

We played a game trying to guess which car would move first. Then mommie and daddy got tired tired from laughing so daddy said we can go to play places before lunchtime. I logged in to my gear and was Not_Noob56.

On that day my play momie sent me to an old man in the Forest of Bogaloo so I can learn how to do cool magic fire like father Sage_Saed42. Mommie trained her cooking skill on "Dodos in a Black Pot." Daddy teleported to an very important meeting.

HeavyKill23 took me to the Lake of Dangers and we waited for a Locness (level 3) to respawn. Then my teacher showed me the moves to do for "Fire Squirt" skill (level 1 of course). My fire did not work at first but he told me I just have a higher miss rate now.

Mommie rehydrated the meals when my battery died and then we watched Suffocating Birds falling to the ground while we ate. My little sister Majida was in her play place with perhaps Nanni913 or Maid653. She moved lots so then momie said she must be doing a dancing lesson.

I got bored and I wanted to go back to training my Squirt Fire skill. Daddy said we have to wait because we only reached two thirds of the roundabout in the past hours, and we have to wait till we arrive back.



* * *




    
    <a href="https://qotob.wordpress.com/2015/06/01/1-2-duty-hours-cont/" class="vt-p" title="1.2 Duty Hours (cont.)">
    Go to Next Chapter</a>
