---
author: qotob
comments: true
date: 2015-06-01 09:41:24+00:00
layout: post
link: http://mohamadalkotob.com/?p=213
published: false
slug: 4-1-respawn
title: 4.1 ReSpawn
wordpress_id: 213
categories:
- Play Places
---

**ReSpawn**

_"Again, I repeat. Duty Hours are not torture." -- The Lazier Guide to Growing Up._

Really_Pro65 found himself in a white room, standing alone. Everything was whiteness. His clothes were no longer bloodied, his limbs intact.

He noticed a door. A plaque read 'Lotusopia' and a large lock floated before it. Images of fertile nature flashed in his mind. _Magic, power, exhilaration_; they pushed him to step forward. _Must go back..._

A feminine voice boomed.

"Access failed. Need 29.7 more Duty Hours to unlock next play place respawn."

Another door stood behind him, wide open.  A plaque read 'Class Room.'

He remembered a small room with wooden desks. It did not feel fulfilling, but there was no other choice. He walked into the harsh white light. And became MinaPEF.



* * *



"What do you want to be when you grow up, children?" said the school mistress NatriFEL.

MinaPEF was among the first to jump up

"I want to be a virusfighter so I can stop evil viruses and protect central ay-eye!" she said.

"I want to be a play place engineer so I can make cool magical levels!" said CharlieVING.

"I want to be a Non-Player Character in Lotusopia so I can always be in my favorite play place," said EliPON.

"NPCs are boring," said RobertTINK, "they only guide people around."

"Yeah, that's like ignoring the point of the entire APG system!" said MinaPEF.

NatriFEL looked at the quarreling kids. The APG was on their quiz last week.

The "Active Problem-Generation" system _always_ provides engaging scenarios to enjoy, minimizing any chance of _ever_ getting bored. The "Dynamic Language Generator" _alone_ is credited with a 13% flat increase in battle scenes.

EliPON blew a raspberry at the others.

"Settle down kids," said the teacher. "All jobs are equally important. Now today we're going to see other types of jobs."

The desks moved closer to become shared seats, and the walls came nearer. _Classbus trip!_ thought MinaPEF.

"We're going to the Applied Genetics Department in the Central Health Organization."

"C.H.O? Choo!" said one of the students, laughing.



* * *



Go to Next Chapter
