---
author: qotob
comments: true
date: 2015-06-01 09:51:26+00:00
layout: post
link: http://mohamadalkotob.com/?p=229
published: false
slug: 6-1-birth
title: 6.1 Birth
wordpress_id: 229
categories:
- Play Places
---

_"Play Places are fun. Except when they're not." -- Collected Sayings of FattyDude._

Knight.Loar5x rolled on the grass, moaning. He touched his throbbing neck wound, and sticky blood covered his fingers. The soil was drunk with blood. It all smelled nutty, fruity even. _I'm not dead yet,_ he thought.

He cracked his eyes slightly; his bag was nearby. He crawled towards it and stuck his hand in. He uncorked a Healing Potion and chugged; some of it ran down his neck.

Objects blurred. His eyes closed; his eyelids covered the image of the canopy of leaves. He drifted away into a soft, thick fog of bliss. His breath deepened and he lied quiet for some time.

Then his wound throbbed again. He screamed as the potion knit the flesh. Fresh flesh bubbled instead of drying. _What is happening?_ He wished he hadn't drunk it, that he'd waited for death to take him gently.

He spilled the bag's contents on the ground. Glass bottles rang as they rolled over each other. He chugged down everything that wasn't poison. He drank frantically, puffing, but his pain intensified. His neck's skin made popping noises as it hardened, only to disintegrate to dust.

His back arched and he grabbed fistfuls of dirt. The soft earth felt cool in his palms. He scratched at his neck, trying to claw it out. His fingers burnt with pain at touching the wetness, and he smashed them against the ground.

He exploded into screams. His scream joined the chorus of the forest. It joined the cricket chirps, the flies' whizzing over the carcasses, and the birds tweeting around. He screamed till his lungs wore out, inhaled, and then screamed some more.

He crumpled inward and turned to his side, his arms covering his face. He panted and sniffed. Tears streamed down his puffed cheeks.

Waves of delirium crashed in his skull. Images swirled around.

One scene engulfed him. He was NiteBIL, and he sat on a high table opposite his colleague LynnALO. Their feet dangled from the high seats.

LynnALO was scowling at her cup. She slapped it with the back of her hand. The cup flew into the air and disintegrated.

"My own Coffee Tincture is better than this crap," she said. "I can't forget the damned wonderful taste."

NiteBIL twirled around in his seat, smiling. LynnALO is always entertaining.

"Endure a bit more and you'll be back there in no time," he said. "You''ll see."

Her eyes widened. "A bit more?" she said, and her lip twitched. "A hundred damned hours left!"

Her palms clawed the table and her eyes verged on popping.

"And I can't get the game out of my head!" said LynnALO, puffing.

Her wild eyes looked to the side, and her hand covered her mouth.

"Perhaps..." she said, nibbling her hand, thinking.

She looked up at NiteBIL.

"Have you noticed," she said, "how we get more Duty Hours after longer Play breaks?"

"They're not proportional, actually," said NiteBIL. "I checked. I think they depend on how much work Central AI wants done."

LynnALO shook her head.

"But what if," she said, "we get more hours when we have more fun? What if that's the real purpose of the APG, the Active Problem-Generation system? To quantify entertainment?"

NiteBIL raised his eyebrows and scratched his scalp.

"Uhm, but... why, Lynn?" he asked. "It would make no sense."

Her eyes darted around, glancing at the floating watching eyes.

"I don't know, Nite," she said. Her head started rotating, and the cafeteria behind her melted.

"But I intend to," she said. Her eyes and mouth wiggled in their place.

The scene moved away from NiteBIL, and he stood alone in blackness. He was surrounded by giant floating eyes, and all of them watched him. In his nightmare, he ran, but he could not escape.

His physical body rolled in his sleep, his eyes fluttering. Eventually the Healing Potion won, and his pain subsided. His eyes stopped fluttering, and his breath slowed to a soft rhythm. He eased into a heavy sleep, a lone breathing body amongst the frozen stiff.



* * *



[Go to Next Chapter](https://qotob.wordpress.com/2015/06/01/6-2-birth-sustenance/)
