---
author: qotob
comments: true
date: 2015-06-01 09:34:23+00:00
layout: post
link: http://mohamadalkotob.com/?p=200
published: false
slug: 3-1-lotusopia
title: 3.1 Lotusopia!
wordpress_id: 200
categories:
- Play Places
---

_"XP is love, XP is life." -- Ub3r Que5t of GamerXR78._

Several trees away from an unlit campfire, Knight.Loar5x and other bandits crouched in the bushes, watching.

"Don't do this guys," said DarkxBlade44 (level 11).

She looked from one fellow bandit to the other, her pleas desperate.

"They have nothing to loot! A kid and a gramps..." she whispered.

Mega-Mort83 (level 18) glared.

"They have much more than we do, at least," he said. "The donkey, scrolls, food..."

The other bandits nodded in unison. GluttoDude765 (level 13) looked up and grinned.

"With my share I'll get more wenches for lovin'," he said.

His mind drifted away. In a candle-lit room, there were murmurs. Bedsheets undulated with moans underneath. Soft skin warmed his own. Hands groped his flushed flesh. His mind drowned in desire, unreachable by the pity pleas.

DarkxBlade44 kept nagging, her whispers growing louder.

"Guys how do you think he grew up to be so old?" said DarkxBlade44, "he probably has a very high Health after leveling to such an age! Guys, come on!"

"Then we'll just keep hitting till he falls," said Mega-Mort83. "More XP* for us. So calm down, this'll be a piece of master level cake."

DarkxBlade44's eyes perked up as she imagined. Her Experience Points counter (XP) would glow, and it would grow. She would slash again and again, inching closer to the threshold. It would fill up slowly, painfully yet marvelously... and then pop. Her heart palpitated and she gulped. _The power..._

"Hmm yes, I see," she said. "Even if they resist, they'll only be lightly hurt. Kiddo and crinkly face will probably surrender anyway, right?"

In a distant corner, Knight.Loar5x (level 15) frowned. _Such dimwitted greed, _he thought. He'll do this gig to gain more power, and then he'll force them to change. _They will cower in front of me, as I stand straight and grim faced. _They'll understand what it is like to drown in unbridled fear, what it is like to appreciate life.

They will finally feel the futility of their existence, chasing pleasure like rabid rats._ They will reflect -- no, they'll have an epiphany of despair._

"Who gets the First-Blood XP bonus then?" said one of the bandits.

So that's what's on his mind.

"Loar5x, shoot arrows to start the ambush," said Mega-Mort83. "No need to leave anything for chance."

Knight.Loar5x nodded. "With pleasure," he said.



* * *



[Go to Next Chapter](https://qotob.wordpress.com/2015/06/01/3-2-lotusopia-training/)
